# 2nd place for loser contest. 

**2.Aug 2024, at 17:25**

If there was a loser contest, I will be the 2nd. Because I am a fucking loser. 
This page will record this darkest days and the days to come in my life. people in the future whoever saw this, do me a favour, just use your fancy time machine and stop me to be born. Thank you ! 

based on the Murphy's Law, I was so afraid that after my trip to greece, I will have the difficulty of my life. You know what, It happends. I just had a breakup and now I was informed that my internship will not continue. What a great time to be alive. 
BTW, If a woman constantly ignore your messages, always is busy to call you, and tells you that she's gonna stay at her friend who used to have a crush on her for 2 days, just run. 

I don't know why did I dump her so polite. I should curse her with swear words. It sucks to pretent I am a mature adult. I'm totaly not, I want to scream the swear words so loud that Saint Peter will ask me to leave.  To make things better, I was asking my supervisor that is it possible to extend the internship, she could say something euphemistically, instead she said: "of course no, big no". That hurts, I understand it wasn't about my abilities, it's about the funding. 

I couldn't say anthing to my friend when we were having a video chat today. Because I don't want to kill the mood. And I don't want him to know that I'm almost in my 30s and accomplished nothing. At least not to feel like a completely fucking failure will give me a change to breath. 


Anyway, If we were live in a Simulator, I wish the other version of me live happy. :)